CNV-55964: Right-click VM operation in the tree view (#94476)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/managing_vms/virt-accessing-vm-ssh.adoc

> [TIP]
> ====
> You can copy the `virtctl ssh` command in the web console by selecting *Copy SSH command* from the options {kebab} menu beside a VM on the *VirtualMachines* page.
> 
> Alternatively, right-click the VM in the tree view and select *Copy SSH command* from the pop-up menu to copy the `virtctl ssh` command.
> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To copy the `virtctl ssh` command, in the web console, click  *Virtualization* -> *VirtualMachines* to do any of the following tasks:
** In the *VirtualMachines* page, click the options menu icon {kebab} beside a VM, and then click *Copy SSH command*.
** In the tree view, right-click the VM, and then on the pop-up menu, click *Copy SSH command* .
```
